0.12.0 release (#874)
packit-service/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.12.0

## Features

- For the COPR projects created by packit via `copr-build` command are users able
  to set more options (e.g. whether they will be visible on the homepage,

>   created as temporary)

Reviewer: My suggestion:

Users are now able to set more options (e.g. whether they will be visible on the homepage, created as temporary) for COPR projects created via `copr-build` command.

> - For the COPR projects created by packit via `copr-build` command are users able
>   to set more options (e.g. whether they will be visible on the homepage,
>   created as temporary)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `copr-build` command learnt how to set some additional properties of 
  the Copr-repositories created, e.g. visibility on the Copr homepage 
  and persistence.
```

## Minor changes and fixes

> - The error logs produced by RebaseHelper are now more readable

Reviewer: That's so tiny change that it's really not worth mentioning.

> - The error logs produced by RebaseHelper are now more readable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Log RebaseHelper error messages.
```
